Leniea: I mean like I guess but
Leniea: he expected us to take it seriously
Leniea: and none of us thought it was a serious situation
Leniea: like we all know he is easily triggered by dota stuff
Leniea: and didnt expect him to legitimately get upset
TAW | A Random Badger: okay
TAW | A Random Badger: but
TAW | A Random Badger: thats not the issue
Leniea: you keep saying but
Leniea: like
Leniea: we  thought nothing of it
Leniea: cuz its dota
Leniea: and its a dumb game
Leniea: like yeah i'll stand up for him next time
Leniea: cus he seems to need that
Leniea: but sean was our friend too
Leniea: he is entitled to his own dota opinion
Leniea: and fancy
Leniea: does not need to argue
Leniea: at all
Leniea: if he knowshe is right
Leniea: he shouldnt have to explain it
Leniea: he doesnt always have to educate
Leniea: everyone in the world
Leniea: sean never asked for it
Leniea: he set himself up
Leniea: for the situation
TAW | A Random Badger: i dont want to hit you with another one of my "blehcggas" as fancy calls them but the issue he had was sean got away with completely morally attacking him for no reason when it was just a harmless debate over dota. it was never an arguement yanno? thats the difference between a debate and an argument. but this guy sean took it the wrong way and attacked fancy for it and thats not right.
Leniea: i dont agree with either of them
Leniea: fancy and sean were both idioits
TAW | A Random Badger: why tho?
Leniea: because he continued to argue
Leniea: then sean started to insult
Leniea: even after sean insulted
Leniea: fancy kept going
Leniea: instead of just ignoring him an dmuiting
Leniea: like tha twas just dumb
Leniea: when someone insults me
Leniea: oinline
Leniea: i literally block and delete cuz
Leniea: i come online to play with my friends that i enjoy
Leniea: and fancy does not have to be friends with sean
Leniea: just because we are
Leniea: i am sorry that no one stood up for him
Leniea: when it happened
Leniea: but he doesnt really have the total right to be disappointed in us
Leniea: he can be
Leniea: but im saying its not completely justified
Leniea: on all sides
TAW | A Random Badger: then maybe you have to sit down and talk to fancy about his debating over dota. because he doesnt see it as an arguement. he thought he was having a normal intellectual debate over something he was passionate about and he got bashed for it which he wasnt expecting. i dont think that makes him an idiot. and i dont think he should be expected to mute/delete another person from a friend group because then all that does is create added tension, something i know a lot about because ive had a friend group where there was a certain person some people didnt get a long with and simply ignoring him and muting him just made things worse for the group as a whole isntead of just resolving the situation. but i still do think sean is definitely in the wrong from morally attacking fancy over a debate he wasnt enjoying when he simply couldve removed himself from the situation or justs aid yanno what fancy, fine i just dont feel like debating this with you anymore, which is something that is perfectly acceptable its something i personally pull on fancy all the time when i get exhausted over one of our hardcore debates i which we get into many of lol. so i definitely think like sean needs to be talked to for what he did and the situation needs to be resolved. and as far as the disappointment is concerned, yea maybe you're right that eh shouldnt be able to take it out on you for not backing him up but i dont think that was his intention at all, he was simply going to someone he cared about who would be willing to listen to him about something that made him sad.